README.md, before:

alfred-devdocs
==============

Alfred workflow for devdocs.io documentations. 

# How to
## Find in a specific documentation
Keywords exist for each documentation supported by DevDocs.

![AngularJS documentation](http://content.screencast.com/users/yannickglt/folders/Snagit/media/7492bbba-99b7-4a75-9b97-dfba08437d24/2014-08-04_14-40-20.png)

## Completion

![Filter on functions](http://content.screencast.com/users/yannickglt/folders/Snagit/media/eb943219-5275-4cf8-a915-a97ea1772fa0/2014-08-04_14-43-13.png)

## Global search
Global search may be slow the first time it is called because it will download all the documentations at once.

![Global search](http://content.screencast.com/users/yannickglt/folders/Snagit/media/c6d429e4-2499-4764-91e5-06dba18ff392/2014-08-04_14-46-31.png)

## Alfred preview
Using the "shift" key on a function will display a preview (using quicklook) of the doc.
![Preview](http://content.screencast.com/users/yannickglt/folders/Snagit/media/a339c2aa-a75d-4316-a8fb-d0d75e932912/2014-08-04_14-50-44.png)

# How to configure this workflow

By default, all docs are present in this workflow but maybe you dont need all docs and just a few of them. We have added a way to configure it with cdocs:... commands

## Availables commands

- cdocs:list = List all docs you can add in your workflow	
- cdocs:add = Add a doc in your workflow, if you have already all docs, that command do nothing
- cdocs:remove = Remove a doc in your workflow, if you haven't a doc in your workflow, that command do nothing
- cdocs:addall = Add all docs available to your workflow
- cdocs:nuke = Remove all docs in your workflow
- cdocs:refresh = Refresh cache for a doc if specified or all if you want.

# Install
```sh
$ curl -L -O https://github.com/yannickglt/alfred-devdocs/archive/v1.0.0.zip ; unzip -o v1.0.0.zip -d "$HOME/Library/Application Support/Alfred 2/Alfred.alfredpreferences/workflows/" ; rm -f v1.0.0.zip
```

Commit message:

Commands do not have an s on them
cdoc:

![](http://wes.io/XpWG/content)

cdocs:

![](http://wes.io/Xp7a/content)

README.md, after:

alfred-devdocs
==============

Alfred workflow for devdocs.io documentations. 

# How to
## Find in a specific documentation
Keywords exist for each documentation supported by DevDocs.

![AngularJS documentation](http://content.screencast.com/users/yannickglt/folders/Snagit/media/7492bbba-99b7-4a75-9b97-dfba08437d24/2014-08-04_14-40-20.png)

## Completion

![Filter on functions](http://content.screencast.com/users/yannickglt/folders/Snagit/media/eb943219-5275-4cf8-a915-a97ea1772fa0/2014-08-04_14-43-13.png)

## Global search
Global search may be slow the first time it is called because it will download all the documentations at once.

![Global search](http://content.screencast.com/users/yannickglt/folders/Snagit/media/c6d429e4-2499-4764-91e5-06dba18ff392/2014-08-04_14-46-31.png)

## Alfred preview
Using the "shift" key on a function will display a preview (using quicklook) of the doc.
![Preview](http://content.screencast.com/users/yannickglt/folders/Snagit/media/a339c2aa-a75d-4316-a8fb-d0d75e932912/2014-08-04_14-50-44.png)

# How to configure this workflow

By default, all docs are present in this workflow but maybe you dont need all docs and just a few of them. We have added a way to configure it with cdocs:... commands

## Availables commands

- cdoc:list = List all docs you can add in your workflow	
- cdoc:add = Add a doc in your workflow, if you have already all docs, that command do nothing
- cdoc:remove = Remove a doc in your workflow, if you haven't a doc in your workflow, that command do nothing
- cdoc:addall = Add all docs available to your workflow
- cdoc:nuke = Remove all docs in your workflow
- cdoc:refresh = Refresh cache for a doc if specified or all if you want.

# Install
```sh
$ curl -L -O https://github.com/yannickglt/alfred-devdocs/archive/v1.0.0.zip ; unzip -o v1.0.0.zip -d "$HOME/Library/Application Support/Alfred 2/Alfred.alfredpreferences/workflows/" ; rm -f v1.0.0.zip
```
